---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluechip_clusterrolebinding Resource - terraform-provider-bluechip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluechip_clusterrolebinding (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluechip_clusterrolebinding" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "my-test"
  }
  spec {
    subject_ref {
      kind = "User"
      name = "my-test"
    }
    policy_ref = "admin"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `subject_ref` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--subject_ref))

Optional:

- `policy_inline` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy_inline))
- `policy_ref` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--subject_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subject_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. Valid kinds are 'User', 'Group'.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy_inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_inline`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) Actions is a list of actions this role binding grants access to.

Optional:

- `paths` (Set of String) Paths is a list of paths this role binding grants access to.
- `resources` (Block List) Resources is a list of resources this role binding grants access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy_inline--resources))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy_inline--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_inline.resources`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
