---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluechip_clusterrole Resource - terraform-provider-bluechip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluechip_clusterrole (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluechip_clusterrole" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "my-test-role"
    labels = {
      "app" = "test"
      "env" = "dev"
    }
    annotations = {
      "description" = "테스트용 클러스터 롤"
    }
  }

  rules {
    api_groups = ["*"]
    resources  = ["pods", "services"]
    verbs      = ["get", "list", "watch"]
  }

  rules {
    api_groups = ["apps"]
    resources  = ["deployments"]
    verbs      = ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "update", "patch", "delete"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) Rules holds all the PolicyRules for this Role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `verbs` (List of String) Verbs is a list of methods this role binding grants access to.

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.
- `non_resource_urls` (List of String) NonResourceURLs is a list of non-resource URLs this role binding grants access to.
- `resource_names` (List of String) ResourceNames is a list of resource names this role binding grants access to.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this role binding grants access to.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
