---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluechip_oidcauth Resource - terraform-provider-bluechip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluechip_oidcauth (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluechip_oidcauth" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "my-test"
  }
  spec {
    username_claim= "sub"
    username_prefix= "string"
    issuer = "https://accounts.google.com/"
    client_id = "string"
    required_claims = ["string"]
    groups_claim = "string"
    groups_prefix = "string"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `client_id` (String)
- `groups_claim` (String)
- `issuer` (String)
- `username_claim` (String)

Optional:

- `attribute_mapping` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--attribute_mapping))
- `groups_prefix` (String)
- `required_claims` (Set of String)
- `username_prefix` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--attribute_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attribute_mapping`

Required:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
