---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluechip_pubginfracatalog Resource - terraform-provider-bluechip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluechip_pubginfracatalog (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluechip_pubgenvcatalog" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "my-test"
  }
  spec {
    platform = "pc"
    user_providers = ["steam", "epic", "kakao", "psn", "xbox"]
  }
}

resource "bluechip_pubginfracatalog" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "my-test"
    namespace = bluechip_pubgenvcatalog.current.metadata.0.name
  }
  spec {
    type = "s3"
    name = "test-bucket"
    region = "ap-northeast-2"
    arn = "arn:aws:s3:::test-bucket"
    owner = "test-owner"
  }

  depends_on = [bluechip_pubgenvcatalog.current]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `arn` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `type` (String) The type of the resource. Valid values are: s3, dynamodb, sqs, sns, firehose, kinesis


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
