---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluechip_rolebinding Resource - terraform-provider-bluechip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluechip_rolebinding (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluechip_rolebinding" "current" {
  metadata {
    name      = "my-test-binding"
    namespace = "default"
  }

  subjects {
    user_source = "bluechip"
    kind        = "User"
    name        = "test-user"
  }

  role_ref {
    kind = "Role"
    name = "developer"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `role_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) RoleRef is a reference to the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--role_ref))
- `subject_ref` (Block List, Min: 1) SubjectRef is a reference to the subject of the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subject_ref))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. Valid kinds are 'Role', 'ClusterRole'.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--subject_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. Valid kinds are 'User', 'Group'.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `user_source` (String) UserSource is the source of the user.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
